v1.5.3
Fixing a myriad of bugs
First steps towards a modern-looking UI

v1.5.2
station sorting by rating (or listening frequency)
last.fm scrobbler - it should work now

v1.5.1
Fixed but that did not allowed Elpis to start because of dual screen
Added option to disable remote control
Fixed issue #13 - High DPI resolutions
Actions hooked to system tray icon #73 
Icons now look smoother

v1.4.12
Added the action to ignore the current playing song for a month (a.k.a. "Tired of this song") from system tray right-click menu.

v1.4.11
Added http api command "toggleplaypause".

v1.4.10
Added support for switching audio output devices. (Thanks to joecoolio)

v1.4.9
Added Balloon tooltips about song like/dislike, play/pause and skip, when Elpis is minimized and when notifications are active.
This works with both Hotkeys and ElpisRemote.

v1.4.8
Added name of station in quickmix

v1.4.7
Created Web Remote Interface
Created Android remote control client called ElpisRemote, check it out here: https://github.com/seliver/ElpisRemote/releases
Globay Media Key Funcionality brought back with the possibility of setting a custom command
Added beta testing option - now you will be able to test the latest commit on Elpis without the need to git clone and compile everything. Just select the option "Search for beta updates" on the Settings page and you will be notified of any new beta updates. Attention: these releases might be unstable and can (who knows) blow your pc!
Resolved issue #23 where the program wouldn't start if the proxy ip or port had not the spaces trimmed.
Elpis icon has now got a white background so it can be seen on black themed desktops.
Resolved issue #31, now Elpis restart function works on Windows 8 and 7. 

v1.4.6
Stations are now listed in the same order as of Pandora Web-player
After changing proxy settings, Elpis restarts correctly
Elpis now not visible in ALT-TAB windows list while minimized on tray
Links in Elpis UI now point to GitHub

v1.4.5
Added Last.FM Scrobbler support
Added UI for Proxy configuration
Added beginnings of plugin interface
Added Pause on System Lock
Added in-client update downloads
Added close to tray option

Changed version scheme
Fixed bug where MP3 HiFi option was not kept
Fixed issue with not playing to default audio device (Win7 only)

v1.0.3
Completely rewritten Pandora back-end to use JSON API
Added Proxy Support (enabled in %AppData%\Elpis\elpis.config only)
Added multiple config support (use elpis.exe -config <profile_name> and create new shortcut for each)
Added volume control to UI

